Put source tarball creation instructions back on the release checklist (#12715)
ethereum/solidity: ReleaseChecklist.md

 - [ ] Click the `PUBLISH RELEASE` button on the release page, creating the tag.
 - [ ] Wait for the CI runs on the tag itself.

### Upload Release Artifacts

>  - [ ] Run ``scripts/create_source_tarball.sh`` while being on the tag to create the source tarball. Make sure to create ``prerelease.txt`` before: (``echo -n > prerelease.txt``). This will create the tarball in a directory called ``upload``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [ ] Switch to the tag that archives have to be created for.
 - [ ] Create the ``prerelease.txt`` file : (``echo -n > prerelease.txt``). 
 - [ ] Run ``scripts/create_source_tarball.sh`` while being on the tag to create the source tarball. This will create the tarball in a directory called ``upload``.
```
